# Introduction
Stroke is a prevalent yet fatal condition among modern humans, usually caused by cerebrovascular events such as embolism or rupture. These events result in the death of brain neurons and cause semi-permanent disabilities. Depending on the affected brain region, stroke survivors may experience various sequelae such as lack of spatial awareness, motor dysfunction, cognitive impairment, and paralysis, among others. Hemiplegia is the most common symptom, causing unintentional trembling, difficulty in controlling bone muscles, and leading to daily life challenges for patients. The 2022 global stroke fact sheet reveals that the prevalence rate of stroke is steadily increasing, with a forecast that one in four people will experience a stroke in their lifetime, cause significant burdens for survivors and their families. Unfortunately, this phenomenon is particularly prevalent in underdeveloped countries.

Many current rehabilitation treatments for hemiplegic stroke patients are grounded in the theory of neuroplasticity, which refers to the brain's ability to reorganize and grow by altering its neural connections over time [1]. This phenomenon involves rewiring the brain to function differently from its previous state. Related research suggests that multisensory stimulation and explicit feedback principles should be implemented for motor-oriented rehabilitation. As an indispensable role in dealing with daily life, upper limb rehabilitation training is currently the most mainstream and most researched rehabilitation goal, besides, two-third of the studied interventions deal with motor recovery in recent year. [2]

Theoretically, based on the systematic rehabilitation schedule and consistent practice with a therapist, most minor stroke patients can achieve complete recovery within six months. Although extensive stroke patients may require several years and may not fully recover, early exposure to therapy is critical during the recovery process. Therefore, balancing the quality of therapy and creating an interesting and immersive experience to support their willingness to participate becomes a significant topic of research in recent years.

Viewing the rapid advancement in wafer manufacturing processes has led to significantly more efficient and low-power consumption computation units on chips. Additionally, the emergence of the so called "Digital Health" has brought a new possibilities in the field of stroke rehabilitation, the concept of digital health has generated significant expectations. Patients and medical workers hope that it will address some of the limitations of traditional rehabilitation methods, leading to improved quality of rehabilitation that is both diverse and enjoyable. However, relatively high cost and hard-access available, a practical digital health rehabilitation solution is still need to explore now days.

In this pilot study, a mobile phone based augemented reality mirror therapy rehabilitation system for stroke patients had been developed and had undergone a healthy subject clinical trail for proving the effectiveness.

 - [1] Moheb costandi. (2016). Neuroplasticity. The MIT Press. ISBN 978-0-262-52933-4.
 - [2] Teasell R et al. Canadian Stroke Best Practice Recommendations: Rehabilitation, Recovery, and Community Participation following Stroke. Part One: Rehabilitation and Recovery Following Stroke. 2020 
